1 slide:
    Hello everybody. My name is Valerii Konychev. And today I'm going to talk
    about a CPU production. We'll see the whole way from sand to the
    microprocessor.
2 slide:
    This way consists of many parts, and incorporates many sciences. Modern
    CPU is a piece of art and modern engineers should to understand how this
    art is produced.
    So let's together look at the CPU production.
3 slide:
    All begins with a sand. From the sand engineers get an inot of a pure
    silicon. The purity of the silicon is about 99.9999%. After that the ignot
    will be sliced and we'll get a base of the future microprocessors, it's
    сalled a wafer.
    This concludes the first part of CPU production. So let's move to next
    step.
4 slide:
    It's a photolithography time.
    In the first step a layer of photo resist is laid down on the wafer top.
    In the next step the photo resist finish is exposed to ultra violet light.
    The exposure is done using masks and lenses. The photo resist layer that’s
    exposed to UV light will become soluble.
5 slide:
    And this lead us to the next step, Ion Implantation.
    Firstly, the soluble photo resist will be washed off by a solvent.
    Secondly, the wafer will be bombarded with a beam of ions which embed
    themselves beneath the surface of the wafer to alter the conductive
    properties of the silicon in selected locations. And thirdly, photo resist
    will be completely removed.
6 slide:
    The next step is etching.
    Wafer is covered by a dielectric, which is covered by a photo resist.
    After that we are applying the photolithography and washing off soluble
    photoresist. Ubcovered dielectric is etched away with chemicals. Finaly,
    the photoresist is completely removed and the desired shape becomes
    visible.
    We need to repeat this step again, but with metal instead of dielectric.
7 slide: Metal Deposition
    This transistor is close to being finished. Three holes have been etched
    into the insulation layer (red color) above the transistor. These three
    holes will be filled with copper or other material which will make up the
    connections to other transistors.The copper ions are deposited onto the
    transistor thru a process called electroplating.
8 slide: Metal Layers
    The excess material is polished off. After Multiple metal layers are
    created to interconnect (think: wires) in between the various transistors.
9 slide:
    And it's final. We need only slice the wafer and pack the chip. It's all.
    Now, we have a cutting edge microprecessor.
10 slide:
    Let me to summarize. After my presentation you know about CPU production in
    generally and in particular: pure silicon ignot, wafer, photolithography,
    Ion Implantation e.t.c.
11 slide:
    In conlusion, CPU production is the one of the most modern, most interest
    and the widest sphere today. I very much hope that you are interested in
    after my speech.
    Thank you for your attantion. Now, I am happy to answer your questions.